#похмілля #DeadBoyDetectives #fallout

Про Dead no longer Boy Detectives: 1/5
Щодо того, що "це схоже на агенство Локвуд" — можливо, у першоджерелах, які ми не читали. Зважаючи на все, у хронометраж першої серії постаралися вмістити не один і не два комікси. Відчуття під час перегляду таке, що сюжет — траса, а решта — учасники забігу.

У результаті навіть першу серію не додивилися. 

Про Fallout: 5/5
1. Ковбой, що рятується від ядерної хвилі верхи на коні, — символ рівня Шварцнеггера в другому Термінаторі, який ганяв вулицями верхи на харлеї з дробовиком.
2. Вагітній виколюють око виделкою, а вона застрелює кривдника з автомата в найкращих традиціях ачівок фолича.
3. Показано оздоблення Притулку 33, яке я відразу ж почав порівнювати зі своїм з Притулку 111 (https://fallout.fandom.com/wiki/Vault-Tec_Workshop), лицарі Братства Стали спускаються з гвинтокрила, хламомет у дії та безліч інших елементів сеттингу та лору, які увійшли до сюжету.

Ось так і відмивається репутація (жарт про амазонівське Кільце Влади): під дулом пістолетів Лізи Джой (Westworld), Джонатана Нолана (The Dark Knight, The Dark Knight Rises, Terminator Salvation, Westworld) і, звичайно ж, самої Bethesda.

Це круто! Не дивно чого зараз так багато у Fallout 76 людей грає. Ми теж гратимемо дивитися далі.



We watched the second and third episodes of Fallout
My wife enthusiastically predicted half of the plot twists in the series. I'm used to it — she works as a screenwriter, and this habit doesn't spoil the magic for me; on the contrary, it enhances the "boom" effect. Once again, I noted with interest how work changes the way we perceive content. Many events could have been predicted by regular viewers, not just those who evaluate the series from a professional perspective, but for the first time in a long while, I was so captivated by the spectacle that I couldn't analyze the plot during the viewing.

Although I did analyze other things...
1. The Winchester is the same Winchester used by the Terminator, but not sawed-off. Considering there are people from the Terminator among the screenwriters, I'm increasingly convinced this isn't a coincidence. I'll edit and publish my article about airsoft shotguns, where I mention the adaptation to the game and this model.
2. The two-headed cow seemed a bit smaller to me than in the game, but maybe it's a young cow.
3. The "assault rifle" seemed too big, but I might be wrong here. I'll double-check.
4. A knight entered standby mode by sitting down while equipped with power armor. I remember there were mods for this...
5. My wife is right, the Gulper looks just like the axolotl from Minecraft.

After watching, I started analyzing the plot, which is appropriate to put under a spoiler.

The main question about the doctor's motivation: why this particular puppy?
Thoughts about "a moment of weakness" don't come to mind because for people with analytical thinking, occasional mistakes don't form a consistent pattern of defying the system of which you're a part by mutual agreement.

Is this his protest? Is he tired of the system?

I hope answers will be provided because right now, this act with the dog doesn't quite fit the image of such a smart doctor. On the other hand, even during his life, an outsider woman managed to tell him that maybe he isn't that smart after all...

And man is not suddenly mortal, right, doc? (Funny reference to Berlioz's head)

A secondary question: did Titus have a hunch, or did he know something we didn't, to land exactly where the doctor and the dog had recently been? The Wasteland is a small world.

Watching and waiting...

1. We are eagerly awaiting the development of the ghoul's arc. Could he really be Vault Boy?
2. Waiting to see what happens with the raiders. And Vault 31 was mentioned almost in passing, but it feels like its story is just about to start.
3. Less eagerly waiting for the moment when the nuclear battery in the power armor runs out. I have a strong feeling this will happen at the most inconvenient moment for the young lord.
4. I don't really expect to see Cinderella get her shoe back from the mouth of a wild beast, but I won't be surprised if it happens. Let's folk in this hole!

p.s.
The young lord is cringe.